Correction/chapter patch (#148)
AvolitesLtd/TitanManual: docs/patching/fixture-personality-options.md

find a fixture personality contains errors and needs editing. You can
edit personalities directly on the console.

1. Press \<Patch\>.

2. Press \[Edit Fixtures\].

3. Press \[Edit Personality\].

4. The softkeys show a list of all fixture types patched in your show.
Select the fixture type to be edited.

5. Personality Builder will open allowing you to edit the personality.

> 6. When you save changes, your changes are saved as user personality 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. When you save changes, your changes are saved to the user personality 
```

Author: No - it really is like this: if you edit a factory personality and attempt to save it it automatically saves as a (new) user personality.
